[Music]
[Music] thus says the Lord for three
thus says the Lord for three
thus says the Lord for three transgressions of Moab and for four I
transgressions of Moab and for four I
transgressions of Moab and for four I will not turn away its punishment
will not turn away its punishment
will not turn away its punishment because he burned the bones of the king
because he burned the bones of the king
because he burned the bones of the king of Edom to life but I will send a fire
of Edom to life but I will send a fire
of Edom to life but I will send a fire upon Moab and it shall devour the
upon Moab and it shall devour the
upon Moab and it shall devour the palaces of Kiryas Moab shall die with
palaces of Kiryas Moab shall die with
palaces of Kiryas Moab shall die with tumult with shouting and trumpet sound
tumult with shouting and trumpet sound
tumult with shouting and trumpet sound and I will cut off the judge from its
and I will cut off the judge from its
and I will cut off the judge from its midst and slay all its princes with him
midst and slay all its princes with him
midst and slay all its princes with him says the Lord thus says the Lord for
says the Lord thus says the Lord for
says the Lord thus says the Lord for three transgressions of Judah and for
three transgressions of Judah and for
three transgressions of Judah and for four I will not turn away it's
four I will not turn away it's
four I will not turn away it's punishment because they have despised
punishment because they have despised
punishment because they have despised the law of the Lord and have not kept
the law of the Lord and have not kept
the law of the Lord and have not kept his Commandments there lies lead them
his Commandments there lies lead them
his Commandments there lies lead them astray lies which their fathers followed
astray lies which their fathers followed
astray lies which their fathers followed but I will send a fire upon Judah and it
but I will send a fire upon Judah and it
but I will send a fire upon Judah and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem
thus says the Lord for three
thus says the Lord for three transgressions of Israel and for four I
transgressions of Israel and for four I
transgressions of Israel and for four I will not turn away its punishment
will not turn away its punishment
will not turn away its punishment because they sell the righteous for
because they sell the righteous for
because they sell the righteous for silver and the poor for a pair of
silver and the poor for a pair of
silver and the poor for a pair of sandals they pant after the dust of the
sandals they pant after the dust of the
sandals they pant after the dust of the earth which is on the head of the poor
earth which is on the head of the poor
earth which is on the head of the poor and pervert the way of the humble a man
and pervert the way of the humble a man
and pervert the way of the humble a man and his father go into the same girl to
and his father go into the same girl to
and his father go into the same girl to defile my holy name they lie down by
defile my holy name they lie down by
defile my holy name they lie down by every altar on clothes taken in pledge
every altar on clothes taken in pledge
every altar on clothes taken in pledge and drink the wine of the condemned in
and drink the wine of the condemned in
and drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their God yet it was I who
the house of their God yet it was I who
the house of their God yet it was I who destroyed the amorite before them whose
destroyed the amorite before them whose
destroyed the amorite before them whose height was like the height of the Cedars
height was like the height of the Cedars
height was like the height of the Cedars and he was as strong as the Oaks yet I
and he was as strong as the Oaks yet I
and he was as strong as the Oaks yet I destroyed his fruit above and his roots
destroyed his fruit above and his roots
destroyed his fruit above and his roots beneath also it was I
beneath also it was I
beneath also it was I from the land of Egypt and led you 40
from the land of Egypt and led you 40
from the land of Egypt and led you 40 years through the wilderness to possess
years through the wilderness to possess
years through the wilderness to possess the land of the amorite I raised up some
the land of the amorite I raised up some
the land of the amorite I raised up some of your sons as prophets and some of
of your sons as prophets and some of
of your sons as prophets and some of your young men as Nazareth
your young men as Nazareth
your young men as Nazareth is it not so all you children of Israel
is it not so all you children of Israel
is it not so all you children of Israel says the Lord but you gave the Nazarites
says the Lord but you gave the Nazarites
says the Lord but you gave the Nazarites wine to drink and commanded the Prophet
wine to drink and commanded the Prophet
wine to drink and commanded the Prophet saying do not prophesy behold I am
saying do not prophesy behold I am
saying do not prophesy behold I am weighed down by me as a cart full of
weighed down by me as a cart full of
weighed down by me as a cart full of sheaves is weighed down there for flight
sheaves is weighed down there for flight
sheaves is weighed down there for flight shall perish from the Swift the strong
shall perish from the Swift the strong
shall perish from the Swift the strong shall not strengthen his power nor shall
shall not strengthen his power nor shall
shall not strengthen his power nor shall the mighty deliver himself he shall not
the mighty deliver himself he shall not
the mighty deliver himself he shall not stand who handles the bow the Swift of
stand who handles the bow the Swift of
stand who handles the bow the Swift of foot shall not escape nor shall he who
foot shall not escape nor shall he who
foot shall not escape nor shall he who rides a horse deliver himself the most
rides a horse deliver himself the most
rides a horse deliver himself the most courageous men of might shall flee naked
courageous men of might shall flee naked
courageous men of might shall flee naked in that day